content edits, diagram updates (#549)
temporalio/documentation: docs/content/what-is-a-worker.md

> In day-to-day conversations, the term Worker is used to denote a Worker Process.

<CenteredImage
imagePath="/diagrams/worker-and-server-component.svg"
title="Component diagram of a Worker Process and the Temporal Server"
/>

> A Worker Process is responsible for listening on a [Task Queue](#), dequeueing a [Task](#), executing your code in response to a Task, and responding to the [Temporal Server](#) with the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Worker Process is responsible for polling a [Task Queue](#), dequeueing a [Task](#), executing your code in response to a Task, and responding to the [Temporal Server](#) with the results.
```
